[THEME MUSIC]
>>GEORGE NOORY: We've heard
of ET civilizations living
on Earth in our ancient past.
But is it possible there
are ET civilizations living
underground or some hidden
areas on Earth this very moment?
Welcome back to
"Cosmic Disclosure."
Emery Smith.
Emery, this is exciting.
>>EMERY SMITH: It is.
And it's something that needs
to be brought to the world's
attention, because we
have amongst us ETs
living not only on terrestrial
land but underneath the Earth.
There are civilizations
that have been here
for a very long time that
have thrived and still
stay here, and
work in conjunction
with some human people
and sometimes not.
It depends on the
different civilization
that you're referring to.
>>NOORY: What are
they doing here?
>>SMITH: Well, they've
been here for a long time.
They've been here
before we were here,
before we actually started up
and started building buildings
and populating the Earth.
And they have their own--
it's like their own home,
just like what
are we doing here?
It's our home.
We consider planet
Earth our home,
and they have their
own home, too.
And there's different
types of biospheres
that are located all
around the planet
inside deep within
the Earth that
have their own atmospheres, and
have their own bioluminescent
technologies, and can
grow their own food.
And also, you have to
understand they're a little bit
more higher tech than we are.
So they have their own
portal travel system
where they can go amongst
the stars and other planets
and things like this.
They're not driving around
in cars, that's for sure.
>>NOORY: These ET civilizations,
how many are there down under?
>>SMITH: I'm only aware of about
four of these ET civilizations
that I have been
exposed to, I'll say,
that are living amongst us
in underground facilities
that they have created that
are not our facilities.
And some of these are craft
that have been teletransported
into different
parts of the Earth,
and different parts of
the mountain ranges,
and things like this.
And of course, a lot of these
are located on national parks
and things like this and
in very desolate areas
like the bottom of the
oceans, and Antarctica,
and things like this.
>>NOORY: My gosh.
How many are we talking about
in terms of the entities?
Thousands?
Millions?
How any--
>>SMITH: Yeah.
There's over probably
a few million
that I'm aware of that are
constantly coming and going
though.
You have to understand
these extraterrestrials that
have been here for a
very, very long time are
going back and forth and trying
to help with information.
And they're not here to
really intervene with us.
But they are here to
protect the Earth.
And they are here to help
the Earth in case something
happens when like
cataclysmic events happen.
It's very interesting
when there is a tsunami,
there's so many UFO reportings.
>>NOORY: Sure.
>>SMITH: It's always interesting
when a volcano erupts.
People start reporting
UFOs at a higher percentage
than would normally happen.
>>NOORY: But the
tsunami still occurs.
The volcano still erupts.
It's not like they put a
thumb down it and stop it.
Why don't they get
involved with it?
>>SMITH: Well, they do.
It could have been a lot
worse, I'll just say.
So they do work on--
they have special
physics, and energies,
and sciences that we
don't understand yet
that can help the
Earth heal itself
and actually mend these cracks
under the oceans and things
like that that would be a
catastrophe for all of us.
>>NOORY: And we have
these four types that you
say are living on this planet.
What do they look like?
>>SMITH: Well, one is
a reptilian race that's
been here for quite a while.
And there's many different
kinds of reptilians, by the way.
And people come to me
actually look at this as,
oh, well, this is the evil
demonic race of this, this,
and this.
And you have to understand
it's just like humans.
When I say someone looks
like someone from the ocean,
there's many different
versions of that.
It's like well, how many-- you
know, what do humans look like?
And then if you
were to ask me that,
well, look how many different
races there are of humans.
>>NOORY: Oh my God.
Absolutely.
>>SMITH: And it's the same
thing with extraterrestrials,
whether they're the tall
whites or the smaller--
>>NOORY: The little alien grays
with the little black eyes.
>>SMITH: Right.
Exactly.
>>NOORY: I think they're
robots, by the way.
>>SMITH: Those are.
Those are programmed lifeforms.
You're absolutely right
those have been designed
not only by us but by other
extraterrestrial civilizations
to carry out special
missions and to also
visit Earth and check on
things, just do some recon,
or take some DNA
from the animals
so in case something does happen
they have a storage of this,
because you wouldn't want
to send yourself there.
You'd rather send your
cyborg self there to do it--
>>NOORY: First.
>>SMITH: --because
they're not wanted here.
And we have to be understand
that since they are not
wanted here by some of
these government states
that they're going to die.
And they're going to get killed.
And that's why a
lot of these beings
that are captured
self-destruct or they'll
put it them in containers
that they instantly
melt down to liquid.
And this is just because
they're not real.
>>NOORY: Well, do
all governments
know and are they aware of
the fact that they're here?
You know through the
programs you've been in.
>>SMITH: Yes, the government--
>>NOORY: But how many
groups knows this?
>>SMITH: Oh no.
All the countries
pretty much know this.
I mean, if you go and look back
at all of the amazing files
that just recently
within the last decade,
all countries have
released their UFO files.
And it's like one of
the biggest stories,
but no one talks about it.
You know, no one even mentions
these on documentaries at all.
Of course, my
colleagues that are
in this community
and your colleagues,
they know and
they've studied this.
But there's been
one country that
will not release the documents.
>>NOORY: Hello.
>>SMITH: And why is that?
>>NOORY: It a good point.
You mentioned that
they walk among us.
Do they shape shift?
I mean, how do they blend in?
>>SMITH: Well, no, I mean
they're human, like I said.
>>NOORY: Some of them.
>>SMITH: They have human DNA.
But there are these
types of shape shifters.
And they can change
into anything.
They can make themself
look like an animal.
They can make themselves look
like any type of ET race.
They have the ability to
change their atomic structure
into almost anything,
kind of like you see the--
>>NOORY: Oh, they're
like chameleons?
>>SMITH: Yeah.
They're like chameleons.
>>NOORY: They have that ability.
>>SMITH: But these
are very highly
evolved light beings by the way.
They're not here in
a malevolent way.
They're not like us.
They're completely
different than we are.
They only do things
to serve humanity,
and to serve the universe,
and to serve the planets
and things like this.
>>NOORY: So Emery, you've
mentioned the reptilian race.
And you've mentioned
that there's a race that
looks somewhat human.
What about the other two?
>>SMITH: Well, there's like
ones that live in the ocean.
And they've been there, I
think, probably the longest.
>>NOORY: Aquatic ETs, basically?
>>SMITH: Very aquatic ETs.
They don't come to the surface
because they cannot handle too
much light.
They're very sensitive to light.
And they have very large eyes.
And they have a very
bluish white body.
Some have gray bodies.
Some have a black color body.
And they are anywhere from
three to seven feet tall.
They have webbed types
of feet that are not
jointed at the ankles,
kind of like a little
like a little flipper.
They have this beautiful fin
though that covers their arms
that are not very long.
It's a membrane that
sticks out like a fin.
But it moves very fluidly.
>>NOORY: Where do
they come from?
I mean are these
earthbound creatures?
Were they always here?
>>SMITH: Oh, we call these--
the ones that live in the water,
we call them the Aquifarians.
And we do believe they came
from another water planet
and that they have the ability
to also have teletransportation
and things like this.
But they also have
a lower mindset.
But even though they're
very high conscious,
they're very simple creatures.
>>NOORY: Well, how did they get
here, in craft of some type?
>>SMITH: Well, I don't
know how they got here.
Alls I know is they are here.
And we are monitoring them.
And we've been monitoring
them for some time.
And I even heard that
one of these creatures
was actually found
by the military.
And I saw the pictures and
the videos of these beings.
But in the databases, there is a
huge amount of this information
about this race.
And we're not
interfering with them.
We're treating it more of like
a biology thing where we're just
watching them, and
studying them, and trying
to understand, like you say,
where they're coming from.
We do have their DNA.
>>NOORY: But
they're intelligent.
Rather than being more fishlike,
they're more humanlike.
>> SMITH:Well, no.
That's what I'm saying.
They're not as-- the
intelligence, from what we
have gathered, is obviously
they're intelligent,
but they're simple.
>>NOORY: How did we
come across them?
Did we just stumble across them?
Was there some program?
>>SMITH: Well, no.
We had created our own types
of submarines that were reverse
engineered from
extraterrestrial craft that
can form their own energetic
density field of magnetic flux
field around these types of
craft that can go into very,
very deep, deep waters, deeper
than what you see at "National
Geographic" and these other--
>>NOORY: Deeper than our
traditional submarines.
>>SMITH: Than our
And they also have drones
that can go very, very deep
and run on their own
for weeks at a time,
and then come back and report.
And we can see all
the recordings.
And we can see the
data that has collected
in many different
wavelengths of light
that we can't see
with our own eyes.
These supernatural cameras
that they have on these craft
can record in complete darkness
for a very long distance.
And things are now
evolving to come out
to the public, like
people are now having
their own submarines.
And other organizations are
now traveling to the depths.
And they're starting
to see things.
They're starting to
see gigantic sharks.
They're starting to see fish
that are transparent that you
can see their brain,
you know things
like this, which is amazing.
I mean, the stuff
they're showing
is going to really open the
eyes for the general public
to realize that we are not
the only ones when we're just
discovering new creatures
and fish every day.
>>NOORY: Are these ETs
friendly or is there
a potential problem?
>>SMITH: As far as
I'm concerned and far
as my experience with this,
they're very, very friendly.
>>NOORY: All of them?
>>SMITH: Well, the ones
that I've worked with--
>>NOORY: OK.
>>SMITH: --OK?
There's a very big
possibility, of course.
The universe is large, you know.
I know of one horrible, horrible
ET race that is not very nice.
>>NOORY: What do they do?
The horrible ones.
>>SMITH: It's the earthlings.
You know, we are the ones--
>>NOORY: Us.
You think we're the bad ones.
>>SMITH: Yeah, we
are the bad ones.
If we're not taking
care of each other
or not taking care
of the planet,
and we're chopping
each other's heads off,
that's not a normal
conscious thing to do.
And to fight over something,
and to mislead young people
into going into a war to think
they're fighting for something,
and having them
on the front line,
and having them killed off for
a corporation to make money
is wrong.
>>NOORY: Well, do
these ETs, Emery,
think there's something
wrong with us,
because you're absolutely right.
We are a warring group
of people on this planet
These ETs, if
they're benevolent,
must come here and
see this and say,
what's wrong with these things?
What's wrong with
these creatures?
>>SMITH: That's exactly
what they're doing.
And that's why
they care so much.
You know, these
groups of ETs that
are monitoring the planet,
that are monitoring us, making
sure that we don't
blow up the planet.
You know, one nuclear
bomb goes off,
and it's really going to
destroy the entire planet, just
one of them.
And that's why they're
creating bombs now
that can do as much
damage as a nuclear bomb
with no radiation,
which is very scary.
There are other planets out
there that started like we did.
And you know back in 1899
with Tesla Stubblefield
where they created
free energy already,
and the corporations
came down hard on them.
>>NOORY: They couldn't
make money on it.
>>SMITH: Right.
So for the last over
100 years now, we are--
been suppressed.
We've actually could have--
imagine if back then we
had anti-gravity and
free energy how beautiful
and how clean this
planet would look today
and how maybe the differences
between different races
and countries would
not be such an issue.
I think science and the new
physics that are coming out
and the new sciences
that are coming out
are going to bring together,
I think, the countries
in a more peaceful environment.
And also raising the
consciousness of the planet
is very important.
And I think the ETs are
actually doing this.
I think the universe has
energy that showers down
upon us that allows us
to elevate ourselves
into a new state of
consciousness every second.
And you can see it in the
children that are born today.
They're just amazing.
They're more intelligent.
They're more compassionate.
>>NOORY: They're caring.
>>SMITH: They're caring.
And it's important for the
families of these children
to support this positivity
and not alienate anyone.
>>NOORY: Why are we the
dominant force on this planet?
You would think these
ETs would take over.
How come?
>>SMITH: Well, like
I said, they're
not warmongering like we are.
What do we have that they need?
Nothing they can create
anything they want.
They can go anywhere they want.
So they can just hang
out and vacation.
>>NOORY: Why don't we
go into war with them?
Why don't we take them all out?
>>SMITH: Well, we've tried to.
>>NOORY: Oh, we have?
What happened?
>>SMITH: We tried to get
some sarin gas in there.
And that backfired.
And many people were--
many military guys--
>>NOORY: It backfired on us?
>>SMITH: --were killed.
And they had gained
a lot of technology
from these ant people.
>>NOORY: The Hopi Indians
talked about ant people.
Are we talking about
the same thing here?
>>SMITH: Yes.
Yeah.
I mean the Hopi Indians
and all the tribes
out there, including
the Zia Pueblo tribes--
there's so many tribes up in
New Mexico and southern Colorado
that have reported these things.
They have history-- actually
kept history of this
in the writings and, of
course, on the rocks depicting
of these people.
>>NOORY: Did they
look like ants?
Big ants?
>>SMITH: Yeah.
They're segmented, but they--
>>NOORY: Creepy.
>>SMITH: --but
they do have arms.
And they do have a face like
we do, but it is in the shape--
>>NOORY: Big heads.
>>SMITH: You know.
They're very large.
They have an skeleton.
And that's what supports them.
They don't have bones.
I'm not sure exactly
what it's made of,
but their exoskeleton
like an ant has.
And they're, of course, very
smart, very industrious.
And they have huge
tunnel systems
out in southwest of
the United States
and over in the Gobi Desert.
And they have technology too.
And they've been around
for quite a while.
There's also word that
they were once on Mars.
And so that was a
second-hand information
that I heard through other
colleagues and reading
about some certain things.
But yes, they are there.
They're here now.
They're still here.
We tried to attack
them and get them out.
And I think because
our government,
with the advent of new
ground-penetrating radar,
has now seen what's
living down there.
And they want the
technology they have.
>>NOORY: Do we want them
out, like off the planet?
>>SMITH: No.
No.
They're not creating any havoc.
They're not destroying anything.
It's more of get in there and
I want something that you have,
like we do with war.
You know, it's this whole--
>>NOORY: And where do they live,
the ant people specifically?
>>SMITH: Specifically,
in the southwest region
of the United States.
>>NOORY: In mountains or where?
>>SMITH: Underground.
I mean, of course,
the Great Sand Dunes.
There's a huge facility
there by Blanca Peak there
and Crestone is the big one.
But it tunnels way down deeper.
And they have their own
transportation system
that they're using to
get from here to there.
And they have already
developed teletransportation,
things like this.
>>NOORY: I find this
utterly fascinating.
And you know Admiral
Byrd claims that he
went into a hollow earth and
he saw all kinds of creatures.
>>SMITH: Yes.
>>NOORY: Might we be
talking about creatures
one and the same that he saw?
>>SMITH: It's possible.
But there is an inner earth.
There are huge areas of
pockets in the Earth that--
and pockets in the water and
underground aquifers that
are homes to amazing amount
of creatures that somehow get
lost and end up on
terrestrial earth
and are seen in the woods,
things like Bigfoot,
and then call in and say
we see these creatures,
and it looked like this, or it
looked like that, or something
flying that was just
too big to be a bird.
And sometimes these things
do escape from these--
not escape but accidentally
come to the surface.
And I think a lot of
sightings of paranormal things
that are around the
planet are actually
just these creatures that
have emerged from caves
or have accidentally
teletransported
to an area on the planet
that they're being witnessed.
And we are just coming up
with names for them, which
could be anything, like I said.
>>NOORY: Sure.
Why aren't some of
these entities living
on top of the surface?
Why are they underground?
>>SMITH: Oh, they are.
There's many entities that
are walking amongst us,
and studying us, and working
with us, just like we're
working together
right here right now.
>>NOORY: Are you one of them?
>>SMITH: No, I'm not.
I'll say this.
We all have ET genetics in us.
And some of us have more
extraterrestrial genetics
than others.
And until they release the
extraterrestrial genetic
database that I helped create,
then people are going to--
people are going
to see, oh, well,
I have more of this
race than that race.
And we're not just a human race.
Don't forget like when we do
testing of non-earth origin
specimens, they
have human DNA too.
They're part human.
So I think the best way
to put this for everyone
is I think everyone has
extraterrestrial DNA.
And everyone has a
percentage that they are
more or less extraterrestrial.
>>NOORY: What did you do,
Emery, for the ET database?
>>SMITH: As I was taking samples
from these beings, later on I
got a little bit
higher clearance.
They were allowing me to look
at different types of ways
to categorize these beings
and categorizing the DNA.
And I helped write
that out what that was.
And they were
wondering how are we
going to put this in
a program like an app,
kind of like an
app that we could
share with other
underground facilities.
>>NOORY: Sure.
>>SMITH: So I was
part of that process.
It wasn't just me.
It was a huge group
of people, about 20
of us, that were
working on getting a way
to store this in a safe way
off of Earth, by the way,
on a type of satellite I'll
say, but still have access to it
without using radio
frequency or the internet,
because all that can be hacked.
Even back then they knew that.
And this is a time
where you have
to understand we're
talking like MS DOS times,
where the type of technology
that they were building it off
of, they actually wanted it
to be old and not futuristic,
because they knew the
more futuristic we
got with the technologies
for building databases,
that it would be
harder for hackers
to relearn the old stuff.
So I was part of basically
categorizing that and helping
the programmers
put it in a format
and writing these smaller
programs to keep it encrypted
and also to help keep
that database updated
and work with other facilities
from around the planet that
needed to do the same
thing, because if there was
some sort of catastrophic
event and we lost all the data,
that would not be good
for us for our evolution,
because we need this data
to help evolve ourselves.
>>NOORY: How much technology
do we get from them?
>>SMITH: Pretty much all
of the technology we have--
>>NOORY: Really?
>>SMITH: --today is
from outer space.
All these things are just things
that they have either given us,
crashed here on purpose
so we would figure it
out, or actually side by side
in the projects telling us
this is something
you can design,
and it could be safe and be used
for this, that, or the other.
>>NOORY: Interesting take.
You had mentioned, of
course, that governments
know about them.
And if governments
know about them,
I have to assume big
business knows about them.
corporations, reversed
engineering, stealing ideas--
they've got to be
all involved in this.
>>SMITH: Well, like Colonel
Corso said, they were--
after the four crashes
here in Roswell
and in San Antonio, Texas,
and other parts of New Mexico
when we were shooting them
down with different frequency
devices, the first
thing they did
was gather up all the parts
and all the equipment.
And they cataloged
everything-- the military now.
We're talking about the Army
and the Air Force later on.
And they would then give it to--
they would go out and find
the best technicians, the best
people in all of the
science community
and the universe that were
good with circuitry and good
with things that had a right
mindset that could handle
looking at something and not
like freaking out and trying
to say what is this
and how does it work.
So Corso went out.
That was his job.
The general gave him that
job to go out and find
these few hundred amazing
people that were conscious
and that were very
intelligent by the way,
and say, hey, figure this out.
>>NOORY: Duplicate it.
>>SMITH: Right.
Duplicate it.
And we're going to give
you money to do it.
And that's where the secret
corporations were involved.
They started figuring this out.
They started making
a lot of money.
But the deal was that,
once they figured it out,
they have to give it
back to the government.
And that's where
everything went to--
>>NOORY: We think
they gave it back.
>>SMITH: Well, that's what
was supposed to happen.
But according to
Corso and others,
that's not what happened.
They kept on to it.
And if they did
get something back,
they wouldn't give them all
the information to that.
And so the corporations
became, of course,
these mega corporations that now
control the planet because they
have a higher tech
than we do and probably
their own military type thing.
And that's why we're here today.
And that's why, I think
it was Eisenhower who
said before he retired said--
>>NOORY: The industrial
military complex.
>>SMITH: --be careful of the
military industrial complex.
So I mean, why doesn't
people respond to this?
This is a very dangerous thing
that's still happening today
and that needs to be looked at.
They try to keep us
looking at, of course,
the media and things
like this to make
sure we don't really talk about
what we're talking about right
now.
And that's a problem that I
disagree with the corporations
about over unity
devices and cures
that they have found out that
they can make with frequencies.
And in the future it is coming.
It's just they're slowly
releasing it too slow.
And we don't need to
do that right now.
We need to-- excuse me.
We need to do it today.
>>NOORY: Do you
sleep easier knowing
these ETs are here
on this planet
doing what they're doing?
>>SMITH: I personally don't
believe I would still be here
if it wasn't for
extraterrestrial intervention
and intervention from certain
government organizations that
do have a feeling of what
the future could come to.
And there is a--
how I feel, a very protective
light upon all of us, not just
myself.
>>NOORY: Well, what do you
mean you wouldn't be here
if it wasn't for them?
>>SMITH: Well, I just think
I have a lot of protection
from these extraterrestrials.
I think they're
looking out for me.
>>NOORY: You mean somebody
could be out to get you?
>>SMITH: Well, I mean it's
been already proven in the past
that I've been
attacked many times,
you know physically
and energetically.
And I think that there
was some interference
to allow me to be
here today to express
the truth and knowledge of all
the things that are out there.
>>NOORY: How do you think this
all plays out in the future?
What's it look like for the ETs?
What's it look like for us?
>>SMITH: There's going
to be some hard times.
There's going to be
some catastrophes.
And that's OK, because
it's already happened.
I mean, we've already been
through so much as humans.
And we have to look at where
are we going with that.
And we are.
We are getting more evolved,
definitely technically advanced
more ever since I've come out.
The-- the corporation's been
releasing amazing materials
and things that I talk
about on the shows,
because they're
like, it's out now.
It's already open.
So now they're actually fighting
over who is going to get it.
And this is going
to be things that
are going to help us survive
into the next millennia.
And that was my biggest gift
was to stay alive and be
able to talk about
these technologies
and then read about it three
months later in the business
magazines and then
the national science
magazines and things like this.
So someone's listening
to us, George.
>>NOORY: Somebody is.
>>SMITH: And people
do want it out.
It's just we have to
do it in a safe way.
And that's why
I'm here speaking,
because I really want to make
a change to help Earth and all
the humans on the planet
to understand that there is
so much hope coming our
way that we cannot give up,
because we are an amazing race.
>>NOORY: Emery, thank you for
being on "Cosmic Disclosure."
You're one of a kind, my friend.
>>SMITH: Oh, George.
Always a pleasure.
Thank you so much for having me.
>>NOORY: I'm George Noory.
And thanks for watching
"Cosmic Disclosure."
>> Coming this season
on "Cosmic Disclosure"
where people share their
clandestine involvement with
government agencies,
the military,
and secret space programs.
>> And people just think
of an ET as a 3D entity,
but they're not.
They're light bodies
that can manifest
into many different things.
>> And there was an amazing
amount of cocreative
contribution to
rebuilding the planet.